I BUILT MY STRIKE DECK,
MISS BARTLET!
THAT'S GREAT, JERRY!
WHAT'S UP, TEACH?
GOOD MORNING,
MISS BARTLET.
GOOD MORNING, YOU TWO.
YOU'RE BOTH UP IN
THE BATTLE DOME TODAY.
DID YOU BUILD YOUR DECKS?
Both: YOU BET!
Akiza: LEO! LUNA!
Both: HUH?
HEY THERE, AKIZA!
HEY BACK AT YA.
WE SAW YOU WIPE
THE DOME FLOOR
WITH THAT
ANDERSON KID YESTERDAY.
YOU WERE AWESOME!
AND YA KNOW WHAT?
BY THE END OF THE DAY,
YOU AND I ARE
GONNA BE FELLOW MEMBERS
IN THE BEST IN CLASS CLUB.
Maria: THE WINNER IS DEXTER!
YEEE-EAAAH!
[LAUGHS]
YOU MAY HAVE LOST, LEO,
BUT YOU LASTED MORE THAN
2 ROUNDS THIS TIME.
LEO, IF YOU WANNA BE
IN THE BEST-IN-CLASS CLUB,
YOU HAVE TO ACTUALLY WIN
EVERY NOW AND THEN.
[GROANS]
IT'S NOT MY FAULT,
IT'S THIS STUPID DECK.
GAAH! IF ONLY I'D BEEN
ABLE TO HOLD OUT
UNTIL MY NEXT TURN!
I COULDA BUSTED OUT
MY POWER TOOL DRAGON.
LEO, WHAT DID I TELL YOU
ABOUT RELYING ON FAVORITES?
OUR LESSON THIS WEEK
IS ON WARRIOR-TYPE DECKS.
I KNOW, BUT I'M JUST
NOT A WARRIOR GUY.
I DO SO MUCH BETTER
WITH MY MORPHTRONICS!
LEO, DUEL ME
AFTER YOU DUEL NATHAN.
AND THEN ME AFTER THAT!
HEY! EVERYBODY WANTS
TO DUEL ME!
I'M LIKE THE MOST
POPULAR KID IN CLASS.
WELL, YEAH, THAT AND
IF WE DUEL YOU,
IT'LL MAKE US LOOK BETTER
AND OUR GRADES WILL GO UP.
WELL, WHO CAN
MAKE ME LOOK BETTER?
[LAUGHTER]
Bob: UM, NOBODY....
YUK IT UP,
LITTLE YUKSTERS...
'CAUSE TOMORROW IS YOUR
LAST DAY AT DUEL ACADEMY.
[CHUCKLES]
♪ ♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
Dexter: HEY, LEO!
WAIT UP!
Both: HUH?
ARE YOU GOING WHERE
I THINK YOU'RE GOING?
YEAH. YOU GUYS
WANNA COME?
All: YOU BET WE DO!
UH, MAYBE YOU
SHOULD GO HOME
AND STUDY UP ON
WARRIOR DECKS.
I'LL DO THAT LATER.
Luna: HEY, SLY.
WE'RE ALL GONNA GO
HANG OUT AT OUR FRIEND'S.
YOU, UH...YOU WANNA
TAG ALONG?
PLEASE, I'M NOT
THE TAG ALONG TYPE.
BUT YOU GUYS
HAVE A GOOD TIME
BEING BRAIN-DEAD
LAMEWADS.
Luna: THAT
WAS HARSH.
HE'S THE WADBRAIN
LAME ONE.
Dexter: I THINK
THAT'S THE FIRST TIME
I'VE HEARD HIM SPEAK.
AND HOPEFULLY THE LAST.
NOW LET'S GET GOING,
I CANNOT WAIT
TO MEET THESE GUYS!
YEAH, I'VE
BEEN WANTING
TO MEET YUSEI
SINCE HE WON
THE FORTUNE CUP.
[THINKING] WHAT?...YUSEI?
COULD THEY REALLY BE GOING
TO MEET YUSEI FUDO?
MAYBE I SHOULD
TAG ALONG AFTER ALL.
Yusei: ENGINE'S REMOTE SYNERGY
HOLDING STEADY AT 80...
WHAT!? WHAT HAPPENED
TO THE POWER SURGE?
THE OUTPUT'S
STILL IN THE RED.
WHERE'S THAT ENERGY GOING?
WHO CARES?
IT'S FIXED,
THAT'S WHAT COUNTS!
LISTEN TO THAT ENGINE,
IT'S PURRING LIKE
A HAPPY LITTLE KITTEN!
ACTUALLY, THE SURGE
HAS BEEN REROUTED.
RE-ROUTED?
TO WHERE?
AAH!
Crow: AW, COME ON!!
[CROW AND JACK COUGHING]
QUIET DOWN!
I TOLD YOU--
BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 2 AND 5,
MY SOAP OPERAS ARE ON!
AND I CAN'T HEAR THEM
WHEN YOU RAPSCALLIONS
ARE IN HERE MAKING A RUCKUS!
Yusei: SORRY, ZORA.
SO WHAT'S HAPPENING WITH
GAIL ON "ETERNAL FLAME"?
HAS SHE RECOVERED
FROM HER AMNESIA
AND FOUND TRUE LOVE YET?
THE NEXT ONE
TO MOCK MY SOAPS
WILL CLEAN THIS GARAGE
WITH A TOOTHBRUSH!
Yusei: WE'RE SORRY ABOUT
THE RACKET, ZORA.
OH, YUSEI, YOU ARE
SUCH A DOLL.
HAVING YOU STAY HERE
HAS BEEN A TREAT.
YOU REMIND ME SO
OF MY REGINALD.
THAT DEAR BOY
WAS SUCH A CHARMER
WHEN HE WAS YOUR AGE.
AS FOR YOU TWO, YOU'RE SKATING
ON VERY THIN ICE WITH ME.
ONE WRONG MOVE AND YOU'LL BE
SLEEPING ON THE STREETS
WITH THE RATS!
WELL, SHE'S
IN A GOOD MOOD TODAY.
"OH, YUSEI, YOU ARE JUST LIKE
MY DEAR, SWEET REGINALD.
HAVE I MENTIONED HIM YET
IN THE LAST 15 MINUTES?"
COME ON, GUYS,
CUT ZORA SOME SLACK,
SHE'S LETTING US
CRASH HERE FOR FREE.
YEAH, YEAH.
SPEAKIN' OF WHICH...
I GUESS SOMEBODY
HAS TO CLEAN UP THIS MESS.
Leo: YUSEI!
Luna: WE BROUGHT
SOME FRIENDS OVER.
Crow: PERFECT!
HEY, GUYS.
YOU'RE JUST IN TIME!
WATCH WHERE
YOU'RE RUNNING!
Leo: HEY! DIDN'T YOU GUYS
JUST CLEAN UP YESTERDAY?
Luna: WHAT HAPPENED,
DID SOMETHING BLOW UP AGAIN?
Yusei: YEAH, SORTA.
Crow: THERE'S A PROBLEM WITH
THE SUB-GENERATOR'S EPS OUTPUT.
SWEET! A DUEL RUNNER!
CHECK IT OUT!
I'VE NEVER BEEN
SO CLOSE TO ONE.
CAN I TOUCH IT?
NO WAY.
THIS IS NOT SOME LITTLE TOY.
PLEASE TAKE ME OUT
FOR A SPIN!
AND THEN ME!
IF I WON'T
LET YOU TOUCH IT,
WHY WOULD I EVER
DO THAT?
HERE'S THE DEAL--
THE ONE WHO PICKS UP
THE MOST CARDS
GETS TO GO
FOR A RIDE FIRST.
All: REALLY!?
I'M NOT TAKING
ANYONE FOR A RIDE,
THEY'RE
JUST CHILDREN!
CHILDREN ARE
THE FUTURE.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
WAITING FOR, HOP TO IT!
All: YEAH!
Leo: SO I SORTA BLEW IT
TODAY IN CLASS, YUSEI.
Yusei: YOU DID, HUH?
Sly: HE BLOWS IT
EVERYDAY IN CLASS.
HM?
SLY.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE
OFF BEING COOL.
WAIT! DON'T LISTEN
TO MY BROTHER.
I'M GLAD YOU CAME BY,
COME ON IN.
THIS IS SLY.
HE'S IN MY
TRAP CARD CLASS.
HE'S A GREAT DUELIST.
AREN'T YOU, SLY?
Yusei: GOOD TO MEET YA.
HUH, SO YOU'RE
THE GREAT YUSEI...
YOU DON'T SEEM
THAT GREAT TO ME.
Leo: OH,
THAT'S NICE.
WHY'S EVERYONE STANDING AROUND
FLAPPING THEIR MOUTHS?
LESS YAPPING, MORE PICKING UP!
OH!
YOU GOT IT, BOSS!
WHAT AM I DOING,
WHY DID I EVEN COME HERE?
WOW! THAT'S...
STARDUST DRAGON.
Dexter: I'VE ALREADY
GOT 10, BOB!
Bob: THAT'S 'CAUSE YOU'VE
GOT NIMBLE HANDS, DEX.
Luna: LEO, I HAD THAT ONE!
Leo: TOO SLOW, SIS!
HAS ANYONE FOUND
STARDUST DRAGON YET?
UH, IS THAT THIS ONE?
LEMME SEE...
YEAH, THANKS!
[THINKING] ONLY ONE PERSON
DESERVES THAT CARD
AND THAT PERSON'S ME!
♪ ♪
EXCUSE ME, BUT--OH...
IS ANYBODY EVEN IN HERE?
JUST ME.
I WAS HOPING I MIGHT
FIND YUSEI FUDO.
YOU FOUND HIM.
WHADDYA NEED?
I, UH...I HEARD YOU WERE
GOOD AT FIXING THINGS,
AND I'VE GOT SOMETHING
THAT NEEDS ADJUSTING.
MM-HMM.
IT'S GOT
A FEW SCREWS LOOSE,
IT'S NOT RELIABLE,
AND IT TALKS TOO MUCH
AT FACULTY MEETINGS.
IT TALKS TOO MUCH?
WHAT KIND OF MACHINE
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT HERE?
IT'S, UM...
A PESKY MOTOR
CALLED THE RUDOLPH
HEITMANN.
NEVER HEARD OF IT.
[STUDENTS TALKING AT ONCE]
Heitmann: SILENCE!
RUDOLPH HEITMANN
WILL NOT BE INTERRUPTED
BY HIS LOWLY SUBORDINATES!
YOU'RE EXPELLING
OUR WHOLE CLASS?!
WHAT'S UP WITH THAT, HEITMANN,
WHAT DID WE DO WRONG?
LAST SEMESTER, THE ACADEMIC
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SCHOOL
ROSE UP INTO
THE STRATOSPHERE OF EXCELLENCE
LIKE A LEAD BALLOON.
AND FOR THOSE OF YOU
A LITTLE TOO SLOW
TO COMPREHEND
SARCASM AND METAPHOR,
THAT MEANS THAT
IT DID NOT RISE UP!
IT PLUMMETED
TO THE DEPTHS OF MEDIOCRITY
FASTER THAN YOU CAN
SAY "FAILURE,"
AND IT'S BECAUSE OF YOUR CLASS!
EXCUSE ME, SIR, BUT WITH
ALL DUE RESPECT-,
THESE KIDS ARE
ENTHUSIASTIC DUELISTS,
THEY WANT TO LEARN
AND THEY WILL.
I CAN VOUCH FOR THEIR
SKILL AND POTENTIAL.
YOU SEE SKILL IN THIS LOT?
PERHAPS YOU ARE PART OF
THE PROBLEM, MISS BARTLET.
ME? THAT'S NOT TRUE.
PERHAPS I'LL SUGGEST
TO THE CHANCELLOR
THAT WE SHOULD RE-EVALUATE
OUR TEACHER CRITERIA
AND THEN WEED OUT
OUR FACULTY ACCORDINGLY.
GO AHEAD, HEITMANN,
I'M NOT ASHAMED OF
MY TRACK RECORD.
IT'S NOT MISS BARTLET.
WE JUST HAVEN'T BEEN
GIVING IT OUR BEST.
BUT GIVE US
A LITTLE MORE TIME
AND LET US PROVE TO
YOU--WE'RE DUELISTS!
YOU'VE HAD PLENTY OF TIME
TO PROVE YOURSELF
AND YOU FAILED.
ESPECIALLY YOU!
YOU'RE AT THE BOTTOM OF THE
BOTTOM OF THE BOTTOM, LEO!
AND I'LL TELL YOU
SOMETHING ELSE--
Leo: AKIZA!
ATTENTION CRETINS!
PLEASE WELCOME
A REAL DUELIST!
YOU CAN'T EXPEL
THIS CLASS, HEITMANN.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT, AKIZA?
I WOULD THINK
ONE BOASTING
SUCH DISCIPLINE
AND APTITUDE AS YOURSELF
WOULD CERTAINLY ENDORSE
MY DECISION TO JETTISON
THESE PARASITES
FROM OUR RANKS.
HOW CAN YOU
CALL YOURSELF A TEACHER
WHEN YOU'RE WILLING
TO GIVE UP ON THE KIDS
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO BE TEACHING?
UH-OH...
UH-OH'S RIGHT.
IF AKIZA GETS
TOO WORKED UP,
THIS WHOLE PLACE WILL
COME CRASHING DOWN.
Yusei: UH, EXCUSE ME...
Leo and Luna: YUSEI?
[STUDENTS MURMURING]
WELL, RING MY BELL
AND SING ME A DITTY,
IT'S THE FORTUNE CUP
CHAMPION!
[STUDENTS CHEERING]
WHAT IS IT
THAT BRINGS YOU TO
THE ONCE ILLUSTRIOUS
HALLS OF DUEL ACADEMY?
I CAME HERE TO DO
SOME REPAIR WORK.
WHUH? COME AGAIN?
I WAS TOLD
THERE WAS SOMETHING
MALFUNCTIONING IN
THIS CLASSROOM
AND THAT I SHOULD
FIX IT IF I COULD.
I SEE.
WELL, I HOPE
YOU AREN'T ALLUDING
TO THESE RATHER PITIFUL
GOOBERS GATHERED BEFORE ME.
I'M AFRAID THIS
SORRY BUNCH OF STUDENTS
IS BEYOND REPAIR.
Maria: THAT'S
NOT TRUE.
THIS CLASS
IS FULL
OF POTENTIAL.
YA KNOW WHAT?
IF YOU SERIOUSLY WANNA
KICK OUT THIS ENTIRE CLASS
BECAUSE YOU DON'T THINK
THEY'RE GOOD ENOUGH,
THEN WHATEVER, BUT IF
THEY GO, THEN I GO WITH 'EM.
DO YOU THINK THAT'S
GONNA STOP ME?!
THIS ACADEMY CAN'T
INDULGE THE WHIMS
OF EVERY WANNABE NIMROD
WHO ONLY KNOWS HOW TO USE
WORTHLESS, LOW-LEVEL CARDS.
LOOK AT THE SAD ROSTER
OF MONSTERS
THESE RUNTS ARE TOYING WITH
WEEK AFTER WEEK.
IT'S AN EMBARRASSMENT!
THEY CAN'T HANDLE
REAL MONSTERS,
WHICH MEANS THEY CAN'T
HANDLE A REAL DUEL,
WHICH MEANS THEY HAVE
NO REAL ABILITIES.
THEY'RE BEYOND TEACHING.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOIN' ON,
BUT I THINK THE WAY
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT DUELING
IS KINDA MESSED UP.
MY SINCERE APOLOGIES.
I DIDN'T REALIZE
YOU WERE ON THE
DUEL ACADEMY FACULTY.
OH, WAIT, YOU'RE NOT.
SO I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU THINK!
NOW SCUTTLE ALONG
AND REPAIR
WHATEVER IT IS
YOU CAME HERE TO REPAIR.
I WAS ASKED TO FIX SOMETHING
CALLED THE RUDOLPH HEITMANN.
DO YA' KNOW WHERE THAT IS?
WAH?! THE
RUDOLPH HEITMANN?
YEAH. APPARENTLY
IT HAS
A FEW
SCREWS LOOSE
OR SOMETHING?
WHA, WHA, WHA, WHA?!
I'VE GOT NEWS FOR YOU!
YOU ARE CURRENTLY CONVERSING
WITH THE RUDOLPH HEITMANN!
YOU?
Luna: HEITMANN'S
THE VICE CHANCELLOR.
Leo: AND HE'S PLANNING ON
EXPELLING OUR ENTIRE CLASS
FROM THE ACADEMY.
HE THINKS WE'RE NOT
GOOD ENOUGH TO BE HERE.
HE ISN'T
GIVING US A CHANCE.
OKAY...I THINK I GET IT NOW...
I WAS SENT HERE
TO FIX SOMETHING.
AND THAT'S WHAT I'M GONNA DO.
HEY, HEITMANN,
YA WANNA DUEL?
IF I WIN,
THEN THIS
ENTIRE CLASS
GETS TO STAY AT
DUEL ACADEMY.
AND IF YOU LOSE,
THEN THESE PEONS
WILL SPEND THE REST OF
THE SEMESTER SHOPPING AROUND
FOR AN INSTITUTION
WILLING TO ACCEPT THEM!
SEE YOU AT
THE BATTLE DOME IN 10!
Maria: SO THE FUTURE
OF THE CLASS
IS IN YUSEI'S HANDS...
DO YOU THINK HE CAN HANDLE
THE VICE CHANCELLOR?
WELL, UM, HE ONCE
SAVED THE ENTIRE CITY
FROM TOTAL DESTRUCTION.
SO, YEAH, I THINK
HE CAN HANDLE HEITMANN.
OH.
Luna: THANKS FOR
DOING THIS, YUSEI.
Leo: TEACH THAT
VICE CHANCELLOR
OF OURS A LESSON!
Yusei: I'LL DO MY BEST...
BUT BEFORE I GO IN THERE,
THERE'S SOMETHING I NEED
FROM YOU GUYS.
All: WHAT CAN WE DO?
[CHUCKLES] YOU'RE
ABOUT TO EXPERIENCE
THE OVERWHELMING MAGNITUDE
OF MY VANGUARD DECK!
Both: LET'S DUEL!
♪ ♪
Both: GAME ON!
SAVE OUR CLASS,
YUSEI!
WE'RE ROOTING FOR YA!
I HOPE YOU STUDIED!
FOR MY FIRST MOVE,
I'M SUMMONING
FLAMVELL GUARD
IN DEFENSE MODE!
ALL RIGHT, FLAMVELL GUARD,
YOU ROCK!
THAT'S IT
FOR THIS TURN.
LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'VE GOT.
WHAT I'VE GOT?!
YOU OPEN UP
BY SUMMONING
A PATHETIC LITTLE
TUNER MONSTER TO THE FIELD
AND YOU WANNA SEE
WHAT I'VE GOT?
WELL, SINCE YOU ASKED,
I'LL SHOW YOU!
[LAUGHS]
OH, SWEET, SWEET
FORTUITY!...
I SUMMON ANCIENT
GEAR STATUE TO THE FIELD!
AND NOW, WITH THE HELP
OF ANCIENT GEAR STATUE,
I SHALL TEACH YOU A VERY
RUDIMENTARY LESSON
THAT YOU SEEM TO HAVE
NEVER LEARNED.
Duel runner computer:
ANCIENT GEAR STATUE IS AN EARTH
ATTRIBUTE MACHINE TYPE MONSTER
WITH 500 ATTACK POINTS
AND 800 DEFENSE POINTS.
Leo, Luna, and Dexter:
THIS DOESN'T SOUND TOO GOOD.
YOU CAN TRAIPSE ABOUT
EMANATING ALL
THE FIGHTING SPIRIT
YOUR ITSY-BITSY HEART
CAN MUSTER,
BUT WHEN ALL IS
SAID AND DONE,
SEND A WEAK MONSTER
TO DO A REAL MONSTER'S JOB
AND YOU'LL ALWAYS LOSE.
TO AMPLY DEMONSTRATE THE TRUTH
BEHIND THIS SIMPLE MAXIM,
I SHALL NOW ACTIVATE
THE MACHINE DUPLICATION SPELL!
WITH THIS SPELL,
I CAN SUMMON AS MANY
WEAK MACHINE-TYPE MONSTERS
AS I WANT.
AND I JUST HAPPEN
TO BE HOLDING
2 MORE ANCIENT GEAR STATUES
IN MY HAND!
SOMETHING TELLS ME
HE'S NOT STOPPING THERE.
I'M NOT STOPPING THERE!
FOR YOU SEE, FOR EVERY
ANCIENT GEAR STATUE
I DISCHARGE
FROM THE FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON
IN ITS PLACE.--
HOW CAN I SAY THIS?
A MONSTER WITH
A LITTLE MORE "UMPH!"
All: EH!!
LIKE WHAT?
WHOA! THOSE THINGS
ARE GIGANTIC.
WHAT ARE THEY?
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM.
I'VE NEVER EVEN HEARD
OF THAT MONSTER.
I'VE READ ABOUT IT
BEFORE IN BOOKS,
BUT I'M TALKING
ABOUT BOOKS
WRITTEN BY MASTERS
FROM, LIKE,
YEARS AND YEARS AGO.
AND EVEN THEY
HAD NEVER SEEN ONE.
SO IF THESE ARE SUCH
RARE N' LEGENDARY CARDS,
HOW DOES OUR
VICE CHANCELLOR
HAVE THEM?
TENURE HAS
ITS PRIVILEGES!
THIS CARD HAS BEEN
PASSED DOWN OVER THE YEARS
TO ONLY THE ELITIST
OF THE ELITE
HERE AT DUEL ACADEMY.
THIS IS POWER, STUDENTS!
THERE'S NOTHING WRONG
WITH HAVING
WEAK MONSTERS
IN YOUR DECK,
BUT IF THAT'S
ALL YOU HAVE,
IF THAT'S ALL YOU KNOW
HOW TO USE, THEN...
[LAUGHS] WELL,
THAT'S PRECISELY WHY
YOU'RE BEING EXPELLED
FROM DUEL ACADEMY,
BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT
REAL DUELISTS!
NEWSFLASH, PAL--HAVING
POWERFUL MONSTERS
DOESN'T GUARANTEE YOU
A WIN...
A "REAL DUELIST"
WOULD KNOW THAT.
HA! MAYBE NOT,
BUT NOT HAVING THEM
GUARANTEES YOU
CERTAIN DEFEAT.
TO ILLUSTRATE MY POINT,
I WILL NOW COMMENCE
A FULL FRONTAL ASSAULT.
BRACE YOURSELF, YUSEI.
I'LL BRACE MYSELF
ALL RIGHT,
BY ACTIVATING
MY TRAP CARD.
TUNER'S BARRIER!
THIS FORMS
A PROTECTIVE SHIELD
AROUND MY TUNER MONSTER.
NOW YOU CAN'T DAMAGE IT.
HA! CUTE TRY, BUT
IT WON'T DO YOU ANY GOOD!
FOR WHEN
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM
BATTLES A MONSTER
IN DEFENSE MODE,
YOU STILL
TAKE THE DIFFERENCE
AS DAMAGE!
ALLOW ME TO DEMONSTRATE!
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM NUMBER 1,
ATTACK FLAMVELL GUARD!
AND THEN NUMBER 2
FOLLOWS UP
WITH A SMASHING ATTACK
OF ITS OWN!
NOW POOR NUMBER 3
IS FEELING LEFT OUT!
I CAN'T HAVE THAT!
GO FORTH, NUMBER 3,
SMASH AWAY!
Akiza: HE LOST
3,000 LIFE POINTS.
All: COME ON, YUSEI!
AND NOW, TO COMPLETE
MY LESSON,
I'M ACTIVATING
THE LEVEL THUNDER
SPELL CARD!
THIS SPELL SLAMS YOU
WITH DAMAGE
EQUAL TO THE TOTAL LEVEL
OF MY MONSTERS
MULTIPLIED BY 100.
[THINKING] EACH
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEM
IS A LEVEL 8.
SO THE TOTAL IS 24.
GUESS WE'RE GETTING
EXPELLED AFTER ALL.
I HOPE HE'S GOT SOMETHING
IN PLACE FOR THIS.
IF HE DOESN'T,
THIS IS OVER, RIGHT?
HUH!!
COME ON, YUSEI,
DON'T LET HIM WIN!
HA! COMBOS LIKE THIS
ARE WHY YOU CAN'T
FIDDLE AROUND WITH
PUNY LITTLE MONSTERS!
YOU HAVE TO BE STRONG
TO SURVIVE!
Both: LOOK OUT, YUSEI!
THIS COULD BE IT...
♪ ♪
YUSEI, YOU ARE ABOUT
TO BE DISMISSED!
Both: INCOMING!
NOT SO FAST,
BY DISCARDING HANEWATA
FROM MY HAND,
I CAN PROTECT MYSELF!
THERE WE GO.
I KNEW IT WASN'T OVER YET!
SO YOU HELD ON WITH THE HELP
OF ANOTHER FEEBLE MONSTER.
YOU'RE QUITE
PERSISTENT, YUSEI.
YOU HAVE THE TENACITY
OF A COCKROACH.
BUT I STEP
ON COCKROACHES!
IT'S GOOD HE HELD
OUT N' ALL, BUT...
THE WAY
THINGS ARE GOING...
Luna: I KNOW...
DON'T WORRY, GUYS.
I'VE GOT A COUPLE
LESSONS OF MY OWN.
YOU'VE MADE
YOUR CASE, HEITMANN,
BUT I'M NOT BUYING IT.
AND NOW IT'S MY TURN
TO TEACH YOU A LESSON.
HA. WITH WHAT?!
YOU'VE GOT 3 GOLEMS
TOWERING OVER YOU!
AND THE ONLY THING
STANDING IN THEIR WAY
IS ONE LOWLY LITTLE
TUNER MONSTER!
OR, OH, I GET IT--
IS THIS A LESSON
ON LOSING GRACEFULLY?
I'M AFRAID NOT!
I'M ACTIVATING
CARDS OF CONSONANCE!
BY SENDING
ONE TUNER MONSTER
FROM MY HAND
TO THE GRAVEYARD,
I CAN USE THIS SPELL
TO DRAW
2 MORE CARDS
FROM MY DECK!
I WAS UNAWARE
THAT TUNERS COULD BE
USED IN
SUCH A MANNER.
BAD NEWS, HEITMANN.
WHAT?
I SUMMON ECCENTRIC BOY!
AND WHEN I USE IT
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON,
I CAN CHOOSE THE OTHER
MONSTER I NEED
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND.
AND I CHOOSE
TURRET WARRIOR.
NOW ECCENTRIC BOY,
GIVE TURRET WARRIOR
A TUNE-UP.
WHAT IN THE WHAT!?!
YOU CAN TUNE A MONSTER
THAT'S NOT EVEN PRESENT
ON THE FIELD?!
OF COURSE!
I WOULD THINK
A "REAL DUELIST"
WOULD KNOW THAT.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
STARDUST DRAGON!
Dexter: AW, YEAHHH!
Bob: THIS IS THE GREATEST
DAY OF MY LIFE!
Patty: THAT DRAGON
IS AWESOME!
YEAH, BUT
THE ANCIENT GEAR GOLEMS
HAVE MORE
ATTACK POINTS.
IF THERE'S NOT MORE
TO HIS STRATEGY,
YUSEI'S OUT
IN THE NEXT MOVE.
[THINKING] I KNEW
HE WASN'T ALL THAT.
YUSEI, IF THEY COULD,
MY ANCIENT GEAR GOLEMS
WOULD LAUGH AT YOUR SAD,
INFINITESIMAL DRAGON.
THAT LIZARD'S NO MATCH
FOR THEIR MIGHT!
Yusei: WRONG AGAIN,
HEITMANN.
WHAT?!
YOU'RE RIGHT
THAT HEAD TO HEAD
STARDUST DRAGON
COULDN'T DESTROY
ONE OF YOUR
ANCIENT GEAR GOLEMS.
SO IT'S A GOOD THING
FOR ME,
THERE'S A LOT MORE
TO DUELING
THAN STRAIGHT-UP
BATTLES.
FROM MY HAND, I PLAY
THE VARIETY COMES OUT
SPELL CARD!
BY RETURNING
STARDUST DRAGON
TO MY DECK...
I CAN SUMMON
AS MANY TUNER MONSTERS
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AS I WANT.
AS LONG AS THEIR
COMBINED LEVELS
EQUAL STARDUST DRAGON'S.
WAIT, WHAT?!
I RESURRECT
ECCENTRIC BOY,
HANEWATA,
AND DEBRIS DRAGON!
ABSURD!
YOU'RE DOING THIS
ALL BACKWARDS, YUSEI!
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO EMPLOY
YOUR LOWLY LITTLE
PEON MONSTERS
TO PAVE THE WAY TOWARD
A HIGH-LEVEL SUMMON,
YOU DON'T SUMMON A MONSTER
LIKE STARDUST DRAGON
AND THEN--[GASP]
THOSE ARE--...I KNOW
THOSE MONSTERS!
THAT'S RIGHT.
THESE MONSTERS ABOUT
TO TAKE YOU DOWN,
THEY BELONG TO THE CLASS
YOU WANT TO EXPEL.
THEY'RE THE MONSTERS
YOU CALLED "WORTHLESS."
HERE!
Luna: COME ON, SLY,
GIVE HIM ONE OF
YOUR CARDS, TOO.
THANKS, YOU GUYS.
WITH ALL THE CARDS
THAT YOU'RE LENDING ME,
THERE'S NO WAY I CAN LOSE.
Patty: DO YOUR BEST, YUSEI.
Leo: GOOD LUCK.
I DON'T CARE HOW MANY
CARDS YOU HAVE.
WEAKNESS IS
STILL WEAKNESS!
AND THOSE WEAK MONSTERS CANNOT
TAKE ON MY POWERFUL GOLEMS!
WHICH IS
WHY THEY WON'T BE
TAKING ON YOUR GOLEMS.
I ACTIVATE THE TUNER'S
EXPLOSION TRAP!
BY DESTROYING
THE SAME AMOUNT OF
MONSTERS ON MY FIELD
AS YOU HAVE
ON YOUR FIELD,
I CAN DESTROY
YOUR MONSTERS
AT THE SAME TIME!
WHAAAA--?!
IMPLAUSIBLE!
AAH!
INCONCEIVABLE!
ALL 3 GOLEMS CRASHING DOWN
AT THE SAME TIME!
IT'S UNFATHOMABLE!
AND NOW FOR EVERY
MONSTER JUST DESTROYED,
YOU TAKE 1,000 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
AAH!
AND SINCE DEBRIS DRAGON
IS STILL HANGIN' AROUND
ON THE FIELD,
IT GOES IN
FOR A DIRECT ATTACK!
AAAAH!
Leo, Luna, and Dexter:
ALL RIGHT!
Bob: HE DID IT.
I KNEW HE COULD!
AND HE DID IT WITH
OUR MONSTERS, GUYS.
OUR MONSTERS DEFEATED
THE VICE CHANCELLOR!
[CHEERING]
IMPOSSIBLE...HOW COULD I
FALTER WITH MY VANGUARD DECK?
NEVER COULD I HAVE
EVER CONCEIVED
THAT SUCH LOW-LEVEL MONSTERS
COULD HAVE SO MUCH POTENTIAL.
DON'T YOU GET IT?
THAT'S WHY
YOU LOST, HEITMANN,
BECAUSE YOU
UNDERESTIMATED
MY MONSTERS.
JUST LIKE
YOU UNDERESTIMATE
THIS ENTIRE CLASS.
THEY MAY NOT
HAVE MASTERED
THE HIGHER-UPS YET,
BUT THEY BELIEVE
IN THEIR CARDS
AND THEY BELIEVE
IN THEMSELVES.
AND THAT'S WHAT
DUELING'S ALL ABOUT.
YOU AGAIN.
IF I COULD'VE DEMONSTRATED
THAT MYSELF, I WOULD'VE,
BUT I'M JUST
AN ADMINISTRATOR.
CHANCELLOR!
CHANCELLOR?
THAT'S RIGHT.
PERSONALLY, I WANTED
TO FIRE HEITMANN, BUT
ONE OF OUR BIGGEST DONORS
JUST HAPPENS TO BE HIS MOTHER...
WHO HE STILL LIVES WITH.
IF YOU WERE
TEETERING ON
THE VERGE OF
FIRING ME, SIR,
WHY DIDN'T YOU
JUST COME TO ME
AND SAY
SOMETHING?
I TRIED, BUT, AS USUAL,
YOU DIDN'T LISTEN.
I UNDERSTAND.
IT SEEMS THAT
I'VE BEEN AN
IMPUDENT BLOCKHEAD.
Students: YOU'RE THE BEST!
YUSEI!
I'M STILL THE ONE
IN CHARGE OF EXPULSIONS!
AND I AM REVOKING
ALL OF YOURS.
Students: HOORAY!
DUEL ACADEMY
GIVES YOU THANKS, YUSEI.
WELL, IT SEEMS
YOUR FRIEND MARTHA
WAS RIGHT ABOUT THAT
YOUNG MAN...HE IS SPECIAL.
YES. NOW IF ONLY
I COULD GET HIM
TO KEEP THE NOISE DOWN.
I'M JUST GLAD HE WAS
ABLE TO HELP YOU OUT.
HEY, SLY...
THANKS A BUNCH.
I COULDN'T'VE
DONE IT WITHOUT YOUR
ECCENTRIC BOY CARD.
WHATEV'.
[LAUGHTER]
Bob: I'LL HAVE TO TELL
EVERYBODY ABOUT THIS DAY!
[THINKING] I WANT IT...
I WANT HIS
STARDUST DRAGON...
AND I'LL DO ANYTHING
TO GET IT...
[LAUGHTER]